so people cordially come here to one
video yes we have
shit haag behind us a right one
chance, proper staggers have the soul
from the physical puke what what you had
Maybe you are not so, but I have
it just does not matter anyway
Maybe not really that we
make him like that in a row videos or
just upset the simple things
but is just like that he is my first
day since we actually starts with
got up on the wrong foot
definitely gets to
breakfast table and I had today too
still juve education so 30 d very much
early well what does that mean somehow early
makes just before 8:00 and thus exactly
This speed box is the game running
beautiful
yes yes yes I wanted a long one
neck gone to the breakfast table and yes
the truth for me not at all
I've met asked me was
took place why is not for me
covered with kitty yes you would have ferrets
and so just just something
put down
I just hope somewhere and indiscriminately
and shit and then I have one
torch why is not covered for me
and for a long time I train that at all
if the breakfast is the first time is the
all day actually off in the ass
breakfast is totally important i have
eaten with breakfast today then
i ate fresh 7 am 30 am
sommerfest
I usually have longer but otherwise
I had the film workshop today
from thence from 9 o'clock to 18 o'clock as vest
I sat there so all the time around was
yes, there is not always me there
gehaut still let that time please so
just gone and that was already quite
lousy but like you are with the wrong one
got up because of the small foot
Created how easy the whole day
just yes from arch was but you have
but firefighters can not do that
so far good that I only me to
good on the day there you are then
somehow
that is then week on a certain
on sunday I'm a footballer
and has about
sonja it was a relatively awesome game like that
So stop with hoses so cone throw off
bowling bowling and stuff like that
fireworks today, well it sounds
daft but it's been exhausting
the hoses are well so do not
just the lightest and then the always
so throw it out again
roll up and then again
was really hard
who did not succeed, yes
he is allowed to do five push-ups
so that about all at the end of
training and were at 50 liegestütze
that are 50 times 50 whole and
not half and I and I have these
intention to support it if it's too bad
but in between times
this about 203 or five kilo
severe shock and still take
and yes , no matter how heavy that
camera was also and how the change out
and dragged one
spiegelreflexkamera you know depends of
screen he still hangs such a
magnifying glass
technically completely incompetent and that
It had become difficult with the
huge objectively so I believe it ja
well that was not terrible though
global world we got into the whole
week animals woman I have a note
just what I have ne
written down properly what again
how could that want the region
world with two wars and yes everything
with schulz writing and you do not have
seen then the recording jaja hannover
we had to say extremely far in advance
absorb extreme horny in advance
because we just always have one no weeks
time has and there are a lot of shit and
That's why we are already in the middle of
december in 12 or 14
december is maybe for the
spectators may not be so horny
but he is not so on
recording and we are not yet one
only once with if I can already
reveal that we have died yes and
not just once we are ourselves
I have died more often
Everybody actually thinks every following
had once so exposed to the user
died again died
by the same more through the team
Green always gaming air dreams but I am
with pleasure
So please not a problem is easy
not we had sooo cool
we have nothing left but really
nothing at all
So we really do not shit anything anymore
have no basis more destroyed this
but not all ages have been powerful
watch the result can it was cruel
came last was have her one then
we were killing myself, I mean we were
yes not biologist and so higher likes
yes but then it came with such
Again matter of fact and that was easy
lousy and in the end all were dead
So we were I think the others yes
the things are now on we have told each other
Let us enough that now there today which
you 're so ninth I thought so
I can do it now as before
somehow easy to do this today
a lot of
So we hope we take today
an adventure with that is determined
no that's the whole day and then
think the vision saturday already one
idea came yes times really to
relax and give him no for everything
think there is only I have
luckily the only good thing I have this
weekend said this saturday already
the environment is like
Hardly a second walking dead that is
This may be the same with penny as with kanye
I do not even eat where you
Yes, we are not like that today
very satisfied but we are happy
anyway about nothing
we do not really enjoy it
well shit today that we will become the
to dig out again
we have diabolical plan but that
we betray you into the global world
The following is still in reproducing follow
puddles or no idea how else was
it is here 35 106
he can look good is only now
times this week so it's just
sequence 11 and something like that and so on
By the way, Japan can reach almost 10,000
subscribers because thank you so finds
pointless through and I'm running
Through the lobby I run here lobby
my face nice day still